a lot
m
today the 5th year students of the management school of Grenoble and
Annecy of the coup
preparation day for the international competition for
Friday
one day at the end of which only ten of them will be
selected then it's for the students it's
difficult day
not easy
to face professionals
everyone
one century ago
montebourg is even worse
in France this is not what you will undertake the relationship between
a group of students who passed the contest finally
gl I think that m
good luck
I do not like a lot of imported cucumbers
the looters style
it is made up of professionals from the business world
coaching and marketing training
demers place to action
it's not easy
so what
on a project or a
besides master of all that know how to do the team is running on
fire
we can understand
as for the contents of the supermarket
so
in the soul
we must not forget on the other hand
note that the arrangement did not improve
it's natural
previously
in addition to being part of their experience
that's why we have to take points to take
haaretz so individuals
regular activities
the triathlete the academic team
the alliance
these past five years this
gerrard should see the day
the commercial field
sometimes by in the contradiction what we made a mistake but I think
it's great
it's hard
strong competition
the french president
this confinement there this
the French
that's why in more important
that's good
a winner or
late wins
c
unless it was at its height in the contact center
I am on
Internet
victory in a row
the rates
yesterday morning
the beginning of summer
ap
a lot
the scientific school
a first point that yesterday
ability to think about e-commerce and sales
he proposed I must be proud over several years
at this moment
develop skills know-how after five years
will allow students
relatively easily this time of the 90s market
resignation then first job
the second point to 1 5% currently applying to the students side
to accompany them to the neck
I think of the company 38 francs for the preparation of the competition before
the dauphiné do it
until the end accompany them so that during the competition
are part of the team still students stalls
the third point at 6%
the feast so it's trade trades these are trades where he
enough to know how to speak not at all but they developed
in his small I think including the toolbox of the founder
who can pretend
a little uncomfortable at first because you have to learn for them
studios imagi not in the trade must learn
actually from the moment they are stateless many are the students
who at the end of their mission my turn around first job 10 happily
that I had learned from toddlers of the seller because I do not have time
to go out running negotiations why
lemétayer opposite ansa a lack of pedagogical documentation
and especially
two animators france 3
a lot